So our mission was to kind of implement
some of this, I'm not gonna drive you
through me kind of looking at CSS staring
at it and copying it, we can kind of
see as we go through and I will look
at the completed example as well.
Again as we saw before, you go the Inspect
tab, you can get a sense of like, what
the font, what the weight is stuff along
those lines, my favorite the line height,
because I will forever struggle with that
and have to refresh the page all the time.
And again, like,
does your text field need, a Flexbox?
Probably not, but at least helps you with
some like helpful hints to figure out
what you're trying to
implement as you go through,
like what are the colors if
there were border radiuses.
Right, I have two ways of acquiescing
like what the padding on a button element
should be as I implement it, right?
I couldn't hold the Alt key or kinda
hover over some of the different pieces.
Right, or I can go ahead and look at
that in this case and say, okay, again,
I would probably choose to use padding
rather than static positioning some text.
This is not gonna get you
fully out of writing CSS, but
it will at least help with some
of the tiny little details
that you might otherwise
kinda play around with.
So we can take a look at this, but
basically this is kind of an
implementation of it, that we can see as
well where I just kind of took all the
different pieces and styled it to look.
The fonts look a little bit different
because I think the web fonts are slightly
different in the browser versus in Figma,
but generally speaking,
we can kind of figure out.
Roughly what the font size is,
what the font weight should be,
how we want to align things.
So I had to get the buttons kind
of in the right position and
stuff along those lines.
So it is super helpful,
again I wouldn't rely on the CSS and
just copy and
paste it in like mark the ticket is done,
but at least like takes some of the
guesswork out, and gets you a head start.
Okay so let's talk about this
segue here into the next section,
so as we saw before, and I'll zoom back
in on that, we have all these boxes.
What would happen if I wanted
to make another yellow box or
maybe a yellow circle, right?
There's a bunch of ways
that I could do it, and
none of them scale, I could duplicate
it and then that would work.
But if I needed something totally
different of the same color, now I want
an icon or something else, or text that's
the same color, it's gonna get hard.
I could go in either Design or
Inspect and grab the values and
just start using that all over my design,
but like the engineering,
you should be like, I'm not doing that.
I'm not, because I don't have to go
ahead and change every hex code,
when we decide where you are with
a slightly different shade of yellow.
I'm not, I won't, you could select all and
change it but like,
there should be some part of you,
which is like, when I'm writing code,
I don't write the same value over and
over again.
In a store in a variable,
or make a CSS class,
something along those lines,
that same kind of sort of laziness really,
that you have as an engineer,
works here as well.
So I guess the question is, and
I kind of already answered it, but
how would we go about doing,
right, again yeah,
I could use the eyedropper tool here and
go the fill.
I can be like, okay, now I want this to
be orange, I could do that, but like that
won't work, if it's on another page,
you can see how this doesn't really work,
we're gonna need some additional tools
here in order to figure this out.